Add missing documentation about using `@testing-library/jest-dom` with TypeScript (#1472)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/svelte-testing-library/setup.mdx

[resolve-conditions]:
  https://vitejs.dev/config/shared-options.html#resolve-conditions

### TypeScript

> If you use TypeScript and want to use [`@testing-library/jest-dom`][@testing-library/jest-dom] you need to tell the TypeScript compiler about [`@testing-library/jest-dom`][@testing-library/jest-dom] by adding it in your `tsconfig.json` to the `compilerOptions`.

Reviewer: Thanks for the contribution @neknalb .
I think this is useful information, but I believe it's better suited to be added to the jest-dom documentation at /docs/ecosystem-jest-dom.
This way all ecosystems can use it.

I also suggest a reword:

```suggestion
Include [`@testing-library/jest-dom`][@testing-library/jest-dom] to the TypeScript `types` to make the TypeScript compiler aware about the [`@testing-library/jest-dom`][@testing-library/jest-dom] matchers.
```

Author: Thank you, @timdeschryver , for your improvements.

Author: @timdeschryver , you also suggested…

> I think this is useful information, but I believe it's better suited to be added to the jest-dom documentation at /docs/ecosystem-jest-dom.
This way all ecosystems can use it.

I think it should at least be added here in the setup information for "Svelte Testing Library". Maybe you are right and it should also be added to the `/docs/ecosystem-jest-dom`. I'll open a PR tomorrow as soon as find time. Would be great if you could review it then.

Author: Hi @timdeschryver , two questions:

1.) is there anything left for me to do concerning this PR? (Please excuse my question. I've not much experience with this GitHub PR workflow.)

2.) Following your suggestion, I just read the [docs/ecosystem-jest-dom](https://testing-library.com/docs/ecosystem-jest-dom) to see where I might place my typescript hint. But I found there a link to [https://github.com/testing-library/jest-dom#usage](https://github.com/testing-library/jest-dom#usage) and there you can find my hint already, although mixed with other suggested updates to the tsconfig.json. — Do you still think, it would be valuable to add it also directly on the [docs/ecosystem-jest-dom](https://testing-library.com/docs/ecosystem-jest-dom) page?

> ```json title="package.json"

Reviewer: To match this with the text above:

```suggestion
```json title="tsconfig.json"
```

Author: Of course! 🤦‍♂️
